README.rst, before:

pitelemetry
============

Collect data from 1-wire sensors connected to a Raspberry Pi and send via mqtt

another line


It takes one argument - the yaml file that contains the configuration.
The default configuration file is

this is text


so is this



An example configuration is:

 broker:
    mqtt_client: mynode
    mqtt_broker: mqtt.foo.bar
    mqtt_port: 1833
    update_interval: 60 # seconds
  sensors:
    - sensor:
      name: baz_temp
      type: temperature
      device: 28-0417c15da2ae
      topic: tel/foo/baz/temp
    - sensor:
      name: external_temp
      type: temperature
      device: 28-0417c15cf333
      topic: tel/foo/ext/temp


RESTRICTIONS
------------

Currently only supports DS18B120 temperature sensors,
but is easily extended to support other types.

INSTALLATION
------------

Execute the following from a terminal

 sudo pip3 install pitelemetry
 sudo systemctl enable /etc/systemd/system/pitelemetry
 sudo systemctl start pitelemetry.service


pitelemetry currently supports the following sensors:

* DS18B120 temperature sensor

ADDING NEW SENSOR TYPES
-----------------------

To add a new sensor type:

* Clone the `PiTemperature` class
* Modify the `_read_device()` function as needed
* Add the new sensor to the `sensorTypes` list in `bin/pitelemetry`

TODO
----

Add other 1-wire sensors

Commit message:

Change of syntax stubs for registering sensor with HA

README.rst, after:

pitelemetry
============

Collect data from 1-wire sensors connected to a Raspberry Pi and send via mqtt

It takes two (optional) ArgumentParser

-  `-c, --configfile` the yaml file that contains the configuration. The default configuration file is `/etc/pitelemetry.yaml`

- `-l --loglevel` the logging level (INFO, WARNING, ERROR, DEBUG). The default is INFO


An example configuration is::

 broker:
    mqtt_client: mynode
    mqtt_broker: mqtt.foo.bar
    mqtt_port: 1833
    update_interval: 60 # seconds

  discovery_prefix: "home-assistant"

  sensors:
    - sensor:
      name: baz_temp
      type: temperature
      device: 28-0417c15da2ae
      state_topic: tel/foo/baz/temp
    - sensor:
      name: external_temp
      type: temperature
      device: 28-0417c15cf333
      state_topic: tel/foo/ext/temp

RESTRICTIONS
------------

Currently only supports DS18B120 temperature sensors,
but is easily extended to support other types.

INSTALLATION
------------

Execute the following from a terminal::

 sudo pip3 install pitelemetry
  sudo systemctl enable /etc/systemd/system/pitelemetry
  sudo systemctl start pitelemetry.service


pitelemetry currently supports the following sensors:

* DS18B120 temperature sensor

ADDING NEW SENSOR TYPES
-----------------------

To add a new sensor type:

* Clone the `PiTemperature` class
* Modify the `_read_sensor()` function as needed
* Add the new sensor to the `sensorTypes` list in `bin/pitelemetry`

TODO
----

Add other 1-wire sensors
